README.md, before:

# High Coverage Translation System for the ACL WNGT STAPLE 2020 Shared Task
This repository contains the code used to train and evaluate our High Coverage Translation System.

## Training
The pretrained model we worked from was the JParaCrawl English-to-Japanese Transformer 'base' model (and associated sentencepiece models) from http://www.kecl.ntt.co.jp/icl/lirg/jparacrawl/. 

Model finetuning was conducted in the `jparacrawl-finetune` submodule, branched from https://github.com/MorinoseiMorizo/jparacrawl-finetune
The shell scripts for training our various models were the `jparacrawl-finetune/fine-tune_preprocess.sh` and `jparacrawl-finetune/staple_*.sh` scripts. These were adapted from the original scripts in the `jparacrawl-finetune` repository.

We did not use `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/train.sh` from the shared task starter code.

Models for the neural filtering model can be found in `filtering` folder.

## Corpora
Our Duolingo train/dev/test gold data can be found at `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/staple-2020-train/en_ja/*_split.gold.txt`. We created these split files from the original `train.en_ja.2020-01-13.gold.txt` provided for the shared task (excluded from the repo due to excessive file size) https://sharedtask.duolingo.com/. 

We used the 'official splits' JESC data from https://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/jesc/.

Before training or evaluation, the raw sentences in these files were encoded into subword sequences using the aforementioned sentencepiece models from JParaCrawl.

## Evaluation
Experiments for the neural filtering model can be found in `filtering` folder.

We adapted the scoring pipeline provided in the shared task starter code https://github.com/duolingo/duolingo-sharedtask-2020/.

We edited `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/my_cands_extract_spm.py` to decode our subword translation outputs using our sentencepiece model.
We edited `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/staple_2020_scorer.py` to print descriptive statistics for the number of candidates outputed per prompt.
We created `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/qualitative_analysis.py` to conduct qualitative error analysis between the outputs of different models.

(To create model inputs for the Duolingo blind dev and test sets, we created `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/prompt_strip.py` and `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/prompt_separate.py` files, adapted from `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/get_traintest_data.py`)

Commit message:

Update README with link to paper at ACL

README.md, after:

# High Coverage Translation System for the ACL WNGT STAPLE 2020 Shared Task
This repository contains the code used to train and evaluate our High Coverage Translation System. This is the code used for our paper [Training and Inference Methods for High-Coverage Neural Machine Translation](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/2020.ngt-1.13/), published by ACL 2020

## Training
The pretrained model we worked from was the JParaCrawl English-to-Japanese Transformer 'base' model (and associated sentencepiece models) from http://www.kecl.ntt.co.jp/icl/lirg/jparacrawl/. 

Model finetuning was conducted in the `jparacrawl-finetune` submodule, branched from https://github.com/MorinoseiMorizo/jparacrawl-finetune
The shell scripts for training our various models were the `jparacrawl-finetune/fine-tune_preprocess.sh` and `jparacrawl-finetune/staple_*.sh` scripts. These were adapted from the original scripts in the `jparacrawl-finetune` repository.

We did not use `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/train.sh` from the shared task starter code.

Models for the neural filtering model can be found in `filtering` folder.

## Corpora
Our Duolingo train/dev/test gold data can be found at `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/staple-2020-train/en_ja/*_split.gold.txt`. We created these split files from the original `train.en_ja.2020-01-13.gold.txt` provided for the shared task (excluded from the repo due to excessive file size) https://sharedtask.duolingo.com/. 

We used the 'official splits' JESC data from https://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/jesc/.

Before training or evaluation, the raw sentences in these files were encoded into subword sequences using the aforementioned sentencepiece models from JParaCrawl.

## Evaluation
Experiments for the neural filtering model can be found in `filtering` folder.

We adapted the scoring pipeline provided in the shared task starter code https://github.com/duolingo/duolingo-sharedtask-2020/.

We edited `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/my_cands_extract_spm.py` to decode our subword translation outputs using our sentencepiece model.
We edited `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/staple_2020_scorer.py` to print descriptive statistics for the number of candidates outputed per prompt.
We created `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/qualitative_analysis.py` to conduct qualitative error analysis between the outputs of different models.

(To create model inputs for the Duolingo blind dev and test sets, we created `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/prompt_strip.py` and `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/prompt_separate.py` files, adapted from `duolingo-sharedtask-2020/get_traintest_data.py`)
